>> Jen Kramer: All right,
well then, congratulations,
you finished chapter three
on setting up our bio.
We are moving on to our next chapter,
which is looking at our footer.
And I would like you guys
to take the lead in this.
So we're going to start with the same
kinds of ideas that we did before.
I'm gonna open up our
beginning markup here.
This has all of the CSS
styles that we just wrote for
the about me section
incorporated here into our CSS.
I've put in the wrapper
around the outside here, and
this is the text that we're
going to include on the page.
We have other projects,
we have some blogging information,
some other things here for
open source, okay?
And we have another round of
icons down here at the bottom,
which will eventually be here for
our contact.
Make it small,
you're not supposed to make it pretty yet.
What I would like for you to do,
is I'd like you to take,
just go through the HTML and
see if you can semantically
mark up this footer context
based on what you see there.
Just worrying about the HTML,
sound good, don't worry about CSS.
Don't make it pretty, just see if you
can work on marking up some HTML here in
the footer, and
then I'll go through my answer with you.
>> Jen Kramer: Welcome back, everyone.
I hope you did well on that
little challenge and your markup.
Let's go through what I came up with for
an answer.
And, so here is what I've got,
the styling isn't going to be perfect.
Don't let the styling bother you,
we haven't even tried that yet.
This is taking in styling that we've
already written from our about page and
applying it here to our footer.
So we'll tweak that up here in a moment.
So the way our HTML looks
should be something like this.
We started with a div
with a class of wrapper.
Ultimately, when we go to our final
website, we'll have the about section,
the project section, and
the footer all on top of each other.
The wrapper will go all
the way around everything.
So I've roughed it in here for us.
And then after that,
I have a footer element that goes all
the way around everything here, why?
Because this is the footer, and
that's what footer elements are for.
So we've identified this as
the bottom of our web page.
Inside of that we have
the words other projects,
this should be marked up as an H2.
Remember we only have one H1 per page,
we already take in that with Cedro,
the name of the person's portfolio,
the site that we're building.
So this is one of the second most
important things on the page,
so it gets h2.
After that, we have different
sections here in our footer.
We have a section about blogging,
we have a section of open-source.
And a section about other courses, so each
of those get the next level of heading,
which is an h3.
Remember that keeping your headings
in order is really important for
accessibility purposes.
We wanna make sure that those headings
make a reasonable scaffolding,
sort of outline of the page for
people that are using screen readers, and
that they are always in order,
and that we don't skip levels.
That's what they mean by that.
After that we have, the items inside
of this look like an ordered list,
they're just a list of links, right?
So we have our uls and lis for
each one of these items, and
there are links associated with some of
these, not all of them, but some of them.
So that is the markup that you see here.
So we have that for blogging, we have
the same kind of thing for open source,
although for whatever reason, open source
didn't have any links associated with it.
And then we have that here for
other courses, okay?
And then finally, when we get to our
contact section, that also gets at
H2 because other projects in
contact are of equal importance,
so they both get H2s, and
then we have a list of icons again.
In fact, you probably could copy this very
easily from the top bar that we already
coded from the about part of the page,
you could just copy this
right on down to our footer.
So this is exactly the same markup again,
this is the icons.
And then remember that we have our
icons are in an unordered list,
each of them getting a list item,
and remember that we have to include
our title inside of our SVGs for
accessibility purposes.